Hello, everyone is keen to choose
a good health insurance for the security of the future and that too from a good
health insurance company.
Today,
two important
companies that are making a mark of changes in the health insurance sector are HDFC ERGO and ICC
Lobard.
Today, we are going to
discuss in this video a detailed comparison of their latest flagship products, Optima Secure and Elevate plans. If you want a good
health insurance plan and that too from a good
health insurance company, then this
video is for
you. Also, try to share this video with
maximum people.
Before entering the video, let me
introduce myself. My name is Sanoj Lal,
a certified financial consultant. I have been
working in the investment and insurance industry for the past 18 years.
Every week,
we
come to you with new information that will be useful to you. If you have not subscribed to this channel called Trust Talk
yet,
please subscribe to the
channel to get the right information.  Information
at Right Time Be Healthy and Wealthy
First Point About the Company
HDFC Ergo and ICSI Lombard are both
general insurance companies, meaning that they market all insurance products just like they
market health insurance products.
Next Point ICR
Incred Claim Ratio ICR indicates the ratio of how much an insurance
company has paid out as claims out of the total premium collected.
HDFC's
ICR is
794%
and ICCI Lombard's ICR is
7236%. Next, let's take a look at the
top three USBs, i.e. the unique
selling points, of these two plans.
ICICI Elevate's
first USB is Infinity Care. Through the
rider called Infinity Care, the
customer gets unlimited
value of coverage, meaning that your
hospital expenses are 50% of the total.  Whether it is one lakh or one
crore, the
customer gets protection through this rider.
Second USB
Power Booster Through this rider, the customer
gets 100% of the base sum assured every year as a bonus. That too,
unlimited times. Third Point Jam
Start Asthma Hypertension Diabetes
Obesity and Dyslipidemia are
covered from the 31st day through this rider. Next is the
main
USB Forex coverage of HDFC Argo Optimus Secure, which means that four times the
base sum assured you take,
you get it
after two years of successful renewal.
For example,
a person who takes a coverage of Rs. 10 lakh will have an
insurance of Rs. 40 lakh after two years of renewal.
Second USB
is a deductible option. You can choose the deductible option from 25000 to 3 lakh to
reduce your existing insurance premium amount.
Option C is available for Rs 25,000 to Rs 3 lakh.
Third USB
Comprehensive Coverage HDFC
Car All
the features of Optimus Secure come inbuilt. There is no
need to choose ride by ride.
That is, all the features like room range, category, consumables are
inbuilt in the plan. Now let's look at the
eligibility criteria, benefits and features of this plan in detail. First
point is the policy type.
We can choose both plans in individual and floater options.
Next point Family Definition In
Elevate plan, up to two adults plus three
children can be enrolled. Optima Secure it is for
adults plus six children.
Next point Age
criteria is in Elevate plan for
adults 18 years of age.  The age limit is from 18 years to 30 years for unlimited and
91 days to 30 years for children category. In
Next Point Optima Secure, the
age limit is from 18 years to 25 years for adults and 91 days to 25 years for children category. The
next feature room category is
Elevate Plant Single Private AC
Room, while in Optimus Secure, they are offering any room category.
Pre and post hospitalization is 90
days and 180 days. Both
plans offer
restoration benefit, Ayush benefit,
donor expense, domiciliary
hospitalization, day care procedures and
modern treatment. All
expenses like up to Rs.  Surrogacy treatment expenses are
covered in both plans up to the insured
amount. Elevate
plans cover up to five lakhs, but it is not
covered in Optimus Secure.
Bariatric surgery is
covered up to the sum insured in Elevate plans but
it is not covered in Optimus Secure. Non-medical expenses or consumable expenses are
covered up to the sum insured in both Elevate plans and Optimus Secure.
Cumulative bonuses are
offered on a guaranteed basis in both plans. In Elevate plans, the customer gets a cumulative bonus of
20% to 100%, while in Optimus
Secure, the customer gets a cumulative bonus of 50% to
100%. What
we have discussed so far are the
inbuilt features of both these plans.
Let's take a
look at the optional riders that come in these plans in detail. Elevate
Planning has about 23 riders. Optional
riders are available. Let's take a look at the important
optional riders.
First,
we will discuss the main optional riders like Infinity Care, Power Booster, Jump Start, etc.
Next, we will
come up with the Claim Protector that is all that we said is to cover the consumables. This comes
as a claim protector. We
can opt for the Next Point Maternity Rider. Newborn Baby Cover that is also a
rider. Next
Point Inflation Protector.
We get an extra sum of insurance according to the inflation movement in this plan. That is
Cold Inflation
Protector. Next Point
Domestic Air Ambulance Room Modifier. In
this plan, we get Single Private  You
get an AC room that can be upgraded to any
room category by choosing this
option. The next point is
Dependent Accommodation Benefit. The
next point is Durable Medical
Equipment Cover and Compassionate
Burst. In addition, additional riders are
available, which we have discussed in detail in the previous video. For
more information, you can visit the
detailed video of the Elevate plan.
All the features of Optima Secure
come inbuilt. Only a few features are available in the
optional rider. The
first one is Unlimited
Restoration. The second point is
Health Critical Benefit.
We
can opt for the benefit to cover critical illness as a rider. The third
point is Hospital Cash Benefit
and the fourth one is Personal.
Accident Cover Now let's take a look at the
waiting period of these two plans in
detail. The
first point
is the pre-existing disease waiting period that is 36 months. The
next point is the
specific disease waiting period in both the plans. Also 24 months across the plans. The
next point is critical
illness that is 90 days in Elevate plan and 90 days in
Optimus Secure.
Bariatric surgery that is 24 months in Elevate plan. If
Optimus Secure says there is no such restriction in Elevate plan, then there is no such restriction in Optimus Secure. Maternity
is 24 months in Elevate plan.
Maternity option is not available in Optimus Secure. The
next point is diabetic H and
cardiac condition 90 days in Optimus Secure.  Days Waiting
Period Elevate Plan Says
That Is That Is That Is Same In
Optimus Secure Plan Initial
Waiting Period Is 30 Days
Next Let's Take A
Look At The Pricing Comparison Of Both These Plans 39
34 10 For A Family Of Four The
Illustration Given Is A Comparison Of Both The Plans For
A Person Taking 5 Lakh Sum Insured In
Elevate Plan The
Premium Is Coming To 18167
Rupees And Optimus Secure It Is
Coming To
24743 Here Comes My Personal Recommendation
Both The Plans We Discussed Today Are
Better Than One Another
HDFC Work Optimus Comes With All The
Features Inbuilt While
ICICI Elevate Comes With All The
Features Rider
Options  It comes as a video,
you can choose the one you want. What
I want to highlight here is the
claim settlement
track of both the companies. I can say for sure that both the companies are the best in the
industry in terms of claim settlement.
Before the video ends,
a reminder: Insurance is a subject matter
of solicitation.
Before choosing any insurance product, read and understand the
terms and conditions of that product
clearly.
Similarly, if you have not yet subscribed to this channel called Trust Talk,
please subscribe to the
channel to get the right information at the right time. Until
next time, I will come with an informative
video. I am signing off
on Sanoos
[Music]